Merit, for three countless aeon. The first one countless aeon accumulated merit, wisdom merit,
accumulated merit. He got realization of the past goodness.
This is not just a hymn, a cold Bodakshatyamuni, in general, in Mahayana. So that's how it lay out.
Then you continue to practice. Now you see the same path. You've got to see. What means the same
path? You see the true nature, exactly as it is.
Exactly as it is. Before that kind of most theoretical, again, of course, the realization goes.
Before the first, what is the according path? Accumulation path, application path.
And the application path, during that time, you got more realization. It's not just a kind of
theoretical, but not so clear. Exactly. Still.
But when you see the first, we were saying path, it's a synonym. First Bumi and the same path, syn
onym. That time, you see clay, crystallite, exactly as it is. Now, no theorems, the theorems.
So now the zooky techniques, by these techniques, instant techniques, we really discovering,
connecting that, instant that realization. But however, again, we don't have long experience, long
kind of like accumulation, then it blows away.
But this is, therefore, this zooky teaching, all the international teachings are so fast to reach
enlightenment, or to discover our nature.
Then in the Buddha's teaching, again, for example, Buddha's approach, then second accumulation, to
reach the seventh Bumi, according to the seventh Bumi, you accumulated the second countless years
to reach the seventh Bumi.
And the third Bumi, from third, so that means, from the act 9-10, you're accumulating that another
accumulation. That's the accord of Buddha Shakyamuni himself. He went through that.
And the teaching said, the gracious teacher said that, and then become the Buddha.
But zooky teaching instantly connected. That is a trick you. But now adding further, not just to
only discover the Buddha's nature, or discover the Sammana Badra, but all the richness of Sammana
Badra, now we discover, richness of Sammana Badra, what is known as, according to the teaching.
Sambukhaya, we heard Sambukhaya is so luxurious, so luxurious, always enjoying, always enjoying the
five certainties, enjoys.
That richness is discovering right this lifetime, every joyful effort, every devotion, courage and
commitment, all those obligations what teaching taught.
So therefore, Trichu, sorry, Togalai, is so special, so powerful, but yet it needs rest on the Tr
ichu because of our habit, our dualities.
It could be spoiled. We can spoil it. So for that reason, this is what Trichu is needed.
What if the brain is very successful of the Togal practices?